feat(curriculum): CSS Box Model project (#42182)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-box-model/part-007.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69970
title: Part 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-7
---

# --description--

Before you can start styling the `div` you added, you need to link your CSS to your HTML.

Add a `link` element to link your `styles.css` file. Set the `href` to `./styles.css`, and remember to set the `rel` attribute to `stylesheet`.

# --hints--

Your code should have a `link` element.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('link').length)

Reviewer: **This lesson wasn't passing for me. I added the `link` element, but it's not getting added to the html...**

<img width="1077" alt="Screen Shot 2021-07-21 at 5 13 38 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20648924/126566903-33e8cafd-85d3-46a3-a097-cc45eacaa411.png">

**If I duplicate the element, it shows up:**

![Screen Shot 2021-07-21 at 5 13 56 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20648924/126566923-a736a5a7-ec00-468c-99cd-3cc0c5d4c619.png)

😕 I tested in firefox and safari - rebased and tested again. All the same for me. I made some regex suggestions that should work for now - so we wouldn't need to rely on that getting rendered. I also added a test and reworded a few of them. Any idea what's going on here @nhcarrigan? I assume it was passing for you at one point. Maybe it's just something on my end.

```suggestion
assert(/<link/.test(code))
```

Reviewer 2: Ah right, we made changes to the renderer to strip out these link elements.

```

> The `link` element should have an `href` of `./styles.css`.
> 
> ```js
> assert(document.querySelectorAll('link')[1].getAttribute('href') === './styles.css');

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Your `href` attribute should have the value `./styles.css`.

```js
assert(/href\s*=\s*('|")(\.\/)?styles\.css\1/.test(code));
````

```

> The `rel` attribute should have the value `stylesheet`.
> 
> ```js
> assert(document.querySelectorAll('link')[1].getAttribute('rel') === 'stylesheet');

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Your `rel` attribute should have the value `stylesheet`.

```js
assert(/rel\s*=\s*('|")\s*stylesheet\s*\1/.test(code));
```

Your `link` element should have `href="./styles.css"` and `rel="stylesheet"` attributes

```js
assert(/<\s*link(\s+href\s*=\s*("|')(\.\/)?styles\.css\2\s*rel=('|")\s*stylesheet\s*\4|\s+rel\s*=\s*('|")\s*stylesheet\s*\5\s*href\s*=\s*("|')(\.\/)?styles\.css\6)\s*\/?>/.test(code));
````

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69970
title: Part 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-7
---

# --description--

Before you can start styling the `div` you added, you need to link your CSS to your HTML.

> Add a `link` element to link your `styles.css` file, and remember to set the `rel` attribute to `stylesheet`.

Reviewer 3: As `href` attribute is expected as `./styles.css` it might be good to have that pointed in the challenge description, not only in one test.
